Create Package.json file
>npm init -y

let's install some dependencies
>npm i express --save (--save flag we are using earlier to work with old node with latest node it doesn't reqired for package installtion locally)

>npm i mysql

You can see the package.json file is updated with 2 depndencies lik the list of dependencies in jso file.

you can also see 1 lock file and folder generated inside your project folder.

why lock file: lock file locks the exact location from where the dependency downloaded mean if you want to redownload you can download the exact packages again.

If you want to share your files to someone or want to upload it on github you should ignore node_modules folder because its getting generated again when it is required.

Just download the project move to that project folder and execute
npm install command and node_module folder cretaed again.

-- If you want download some packages for development purpose only its not required in production environment
so those packages you can download only for development environment. How? use --save-dev flag

>npm i jasmine --save-dev (if you check package.json, jasmine is coming unde dev dependencies)

Modules
-----------------------
we can also call it as packages/ library, it can be a simple module or some complex module how you written for your projects.

We have 3 types of Module

1. In built Module
--------------------
which comes when you install node JS.
you can directly use them.

eg. fs, http, os, util, url, path

2. Local Module
------------------
User Defined Modules
which we can create and use it to our other files other project and you can also publish your module to npmjs.com to provide
to your community.

3. third party module
---------------------------
we can directly download from npmjs.com repository and use them
install by executing npm install commad

express, mysql, nodemon, mongodb, mongoose

Let's Create Local Module and USe It
------------------------------------------

Let's create one file calculator.js 
and use it by importing using require

When we are creating a simple file and genering package.json then bydefault its type property is commonjs
mean if you want to export a file use module.exports and to use it use require.

Now If you want to use the latest one ES6 import export logic then follow the below instructions.
























































